4th Minister Yamamoto
He plays a flute reuniting the
grand silmit of the
Six-Spirit moment
It seems that you have become a face that looks good.
You're a creepy bastard.
That's the old saying.
No matter how much you think, it's no good.
So I don't think you should just say it.
What a tough person you have been to the other side of the road.
If you say that, you'll be disappointed and sick.
It's hard.
That's the end of the hard work.
You're a fool.
Why don't you let me be a gentleman?
Why are you a two-star hotel in Iriyama?
Even if you have a million yen account,
even if you're a victim of a crime,
you can't be free if you have money.
You can't go to the police station with money and get sick.
Then, can you buy that Oiran with money even if you have money like me?
You're a great customer.
Thank you.
But, sir,
how much money do you have to buy that Oiran?
That's the old saying.
Unlike the 300-car road,
you can't buy a two-star Oiran with money.
You're going to go out and make a fuss.
You need one and a half,
or at least 15,000 yen.
15,000 yen?
That's a lot of money.
But, sir,
if I work hard from now on,
how much money do you have to buy that Oiran?
You're a two-star hotel,
but you have a good arm.
If you work hard, you'll get 15,000 yen.
That's a lot of money.
It's going to take three or four years.
It's going to take five years.
Then, I'll work hard from now on,
and I'll buy that Oiran for 15,000 yen.
I'm not in a hurry.
Then I'll go to work and get a job.
After three years, I'll buy a high-end hotel.
15,000 yen, then I'll buy a high-end hotel.
A high-end hotel costs 15,000 yen,
15,000 yen is a high-end hotel,
and a high-end hotel costs three years.
Shut up, Konichiwa.
Get back to work.
Yesterday's snow is today's flower.